Update add license entities (#25)
ArrowSphere/nodejs-api-client: UPGRADING.md

# Upgrade guide

## 1.0.3 to 2.0.0

### Changes to the licences client

The object `LicensesClient` now has more information. Object `LicenseOfferFindResult` has been removed,

> it replaced by `OfferFindResult` with new fields, and object `AbstractLicense` extend of `LicenseFindResult` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it's replaced by `OfferFindResult` with new fields, and object `AbstractLicense` extends `LicenseFindResult` 
```

Author: Done

has more fields.

v1.0.3:

```js
[
    {
        license: {

>             [LicenseFindResultFields.COLUMN_HIGHLIGHT]: {},

Author: Done

                    [BillingFields.COLUMN_CYCLE]: number,
                    [BillingFields.COLUMN_TERM]: number,
                    [BillingFields.COLUMN_TYPE]: string,
                },
                [PriceBandFields.COLUMN_CURRENCY]: string,
                [PriceBandFields.COLUMN_IS_ENABLED]: boolean,
                [PriceBandFields.COLUMN_MARKETPLACE]: string,
                [PriceBandFields.COLUMN_PRICES]: {
                    [PricesFields.COLUMN_BUY]: number,
                    [PricesFields.COLUMN_SELL]: number,
                    [PricesFields.COLUMN_PUBLIC]: number,
                },
                [PriceBandFields.COLUMN_SALE_CONSTRAINTS]: {
                    [SaleConstraintsFields.COLUMN_MIN_QUANTITY]: number,
                    [SaleConstraintsFields.COLUMN_MAX_QUANTITY]: number,
                },
                [PriceBandFields.COLUMN_IDENTIFIERS]: {
                    [IdentifiersFields.COLUMN_ARROWSPHERE]: {
                        [ArrowsphereFields.COLUMN_SKU]: string,
                    },
                },
            },
            [OfferFields.COLUMN_ARROW_SUB_CATEGORIES]: [
                string
            ],
        },
    },
];
```

> Different type have been replaced :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different types have been replaced :
```

Author: Done

>  - `LicenseOfferFindResultData` become `OfferData`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `LicenseOfferFindResultData` becomes `OfferData`
```

Same for the 3 next lines

Author: Done
